README.md, before:

# Wix Headless - react-native Example

> Join the [Wix Headless community on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/773211030314418196/1090595348067655813) to get official support, interact with fellow Wix Headless developers and get updates on new releases.

This is an example mobile app using Wix Headless and Wix's business solutions APIs. It showcases the ability to build a secure and flexible native application using react-native.

## Features

The features that are covered in this example application are:

- Wix Headless Session Management
  - Managing the active session - visitor or member
  - Secure redirect based login
  - Silent login for login during a Wix redirect session
- Wix Headless Ecommerce
  - Products Catalog
  - Product Details View
  - Cart functionality
  - Buy now button
  - Secure checkout

## Guides

The example application can be used a starting point for a new application, but also as a reference implementation and guides for adding Wix Headless functionality to another applicaiton.

You can find the following guides in this application:

- Member Authentication
  - [Handling member login](./docs/handling_member_login.md)

## Roadmap

These are the currently planned features and guides for this example application:

- [X] Home screen
- [X] Members
  - [X] My Profile Screen
  - [X] Edit profile
  - [X] Logout of Wix domain
- Ecom
  - [X] My Orders Screen
  - [X] Order screen
  - [X] handle cart not found error

Join in the conversation in our [discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/773211030314418196/1090595348067655813) to provide feedback, ask questions and request more features for the example application.

Commit message:

idanl add note after code moved (#9)
* idanl add note after code moved

* chaneges following review

README.md, after:

# Wix Headless - react-native Example

> Join the [Wix Headless community on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/773211030314418196/1090595348067655813) to get official support, interact with fellow Wix Headless developers and get updates on new releases.

<blockquote class="important">

__Important:__
This code is no longer being maintained. You can find the [up-to-date code](https://github.com/wix/headless-templates/tree/main/react-native/mobile-ecommerce) in the headless-templates repository.

</blockquote>

This is an example mobile app using Wix Headless and Wix's business solutions APIs. It showcases the ability to build a secure and flexible native application using react-native.

## Features

The features that are covered in this example application are:

- Wix Headless Session Management
  - Managing the active session - visitor or member
  - Secure redirect based login
  - Silent login for login during a Wix redirect session
- Wix Headless eCommerce
  - Products Catalog
  - Product Details View
  - Cart functionality
  - Buy now button
  - Secure checkout

## Guides

The example application can be used a starting point for a new application, but also as a reference implementation and guides for adding Wix Headless functionality to another application.

You can find the following guides in this application:

- Member Authentication
  - [Handling member login](./docs/handling_member_login.md)

## Roadmap

These are the currently planned features and guides for this example application:

- [X] Home screen
- [X] Members
  - [X] My Profile Screen
  - [X] Edit profile
  - [X] Logout of Wix domain
- eCom
  - [X] My Orders Screen
  - [X] Order screen
  - [X] handle cart not found error

Join in the conversation in our [discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/773211030314418196/1090595348067655813) to provide feedback, ask questions and request more features for the example application.
